An W G is one that is had H of F but is absent from any given one of those F. An example is M. An F's M is N to the mean Q energy of the T composing it, and M is therefore a G of systems of V-ing T. The G of being 78° is the G, had by such a system, of having a certain mean Q energy. Given that M is a G of systems of V-ing particles, no one particle has a M. An K G is a G of systems of events that whose existence cannot be R-ed from what is known about those events when taken in isolation. For example, given a class of F each of which has a low degree of thermal conductivity, it may happen that, when those F are assembled in a certain way, the resulting structure has a high degree of thermal conductivity. To take another example, given a class of F each of which is brittle, it may happen that, when those F are assembled in a certain way, the resulting structure may be extremely resilient. To take a more counterintuitive example: Given two rocks, each of which weighs exactly one lb., if we place the one rock on top of the other, the resulting structure would weigh exactly two lbs. A consequence of Relativity Theory is that mass is non-additive, meaning that the mass of a given F is not the arithmetical sum of the masses of its constituents. Thus, relative to what was known before Relativity Theory, masses of F-H were K with respect to the masses of their constituent F. In other words, the mass of a given F-plurality could not be R-ed from the masses of its constituents. A related consequence of Relativity Theory is that length is non-additive, meaning that the length of a straight F is not the arithmetical sum of the lengths of its segments. Let x be a straight, rigid steel rod with a length of at least two yards. And let alpha and beta be the first and the second yard-long segments of x. The segment of x that consists of alpha and beta is slightly over two yards. A consequence of Relativity Theory is that C is just over two yards in length. Thus, relative to what was known before Relativity Theory, the length of a given F was K with respect to the lengths of its segments. In other words, the length of a given F could not be R-ed from the lenghts of its segments. A H of F has a given K G whenever it has some G that, given only what is already known about the individuals composing that H, it is either (a) not expected to have or (b) cannot be R-ed to have, either because it doesn't follow from what we know or because we are not smart enough to see that it follows. Any given W G can, at least in principle, be an K G. For example, air-pressure is an W G: it is a G, not of individual air-T, but of aggregates of such T. Bearing this in mind, suppose that there are creatures of our intelligence that are so small that, in terms of size, air-T are to them what great redwoods are to us. Supposing that such creatures were acquainted with individual air-T, in much the way that we are acquainted with individual trees, they might fail to infer, or not be samrt enough to infer, that otherwise soft F are rock-hard when filled with aggregates of such T. To these creatures, such G of T-aggregates would be of the K variety. And relative to what the layman knows or can R, many G of planet-aggregates and of solar system-aggregates, are comparably K in nature. M is an W G. It is a G of H of particle-interations, and is therefore not a G of any one particle. Thus, a miniscule creature, of the kind just-described, might be quite as ignorant of the fact that aggregates of such particles could cause previously rigid F to melt as we used to be of the fact that such F consist of discrete particles. By the same token, given the relevant knowledge or degree of acumen, an otherwise K G is non-K. Relative to what we know now, the masses, lengths, and volumes of F-aggregates are non-K, but they were K, relative to what we knew 120 years ago. Any given chemical reaction that is now known to us is ipso facto a non-K G of the substances involved, even though it was non-K relative to the state of knowledge before that reaction was discovered. A consequence is that 'x is an K G' is never the answer to the question 'why does x exist?' 
In an attempt to answer the question, 'why does consciousness exist?', John Searle said that consciousness is an 'K G' of neurons, 'just as air-pressure is an K G of air-T.' And that settles the matter, said Searle. But it does not settle the matter. It doesn't make a dent in it. When someone asks 'why does consciousness exist?', the very thing he is asking is, 'why is consciousness present in aggregates of bits of matter that are not themselves conscious.' People have always known that, even though intact brains tend to be conscious, dismembered brains are never conscious. But people still don't know why brains tend to be conscious. And the comparison with air-pressure is spurious. Air does not seem to consist of T. It not until two hundred years ago that scientists came to believe otherwise. More precisely, here is what they realized. Suppose that air consists of F that are similar to billiard balls or other projectiles that are known to us. And suppose that those hypothetical air-parts obey the same mechanical laws as such projectiles. In that case, otherwise anomalous facts about air-pressure cease to be an anomalous. For example, suppose that air consists of T. And further suppose that when air is hot, those particles are moving faster than when air is cold. It follows that those particles are colliding more frequently and with greater force when air is hot than when they are cold. And it is therfore explained why heating up the air inside a cannister causes it to explode. Heating it causes those particles to collide more frequenly with the walls of the cannister, and also with greater force. And given that fast moving F disperse more rapidly than slow moving F, it is also explained why unconfined gases spread faster when hot than when cold. Thus, relative to what we have known about the laws of motion since the time of Newton, pressure-related G of gases are non-K with respect to the G of their constituent particles. This is why we know gases to consist of particles, and not to be the homogenous substances that they seem to be. In fact, everything we know about those particles is derived from our knowledge that pressure-related facts cannot be explained inexplicable it is supposed that the aggregates in question consist of particles.


But if asked 'why are A's B?', a C D-ed by E-ing 'because they F of G's', he would be H-ing, I, to J the K at L. This is because, whereas our M that N F's of O's is P-ed from our M of N-Q R-ed S's, our M that A's F of G's is not P-ed from our M of B-Q R-ed S's. We T A-U to F of G's because when we V at A-U with a W, we X that it Y's of G's. The S that it F's of G's doesn't Z us AA why A's are B. To be AB, M of this S can be AC. AD that A's are B, and AD AE F R-ing to the AE of the AF AG AH's AI-ed AJ, a AD S about the AK AL of the A can be AM. For AN, AO it AO that A AP X AQ's AR AS. AT, AO it AO that A-AP X F's of G's AU AV and AV AW's. AX, AO it AO that AV AY's, AZ all BA A-AY's, BB BC the BD-BE BF's a BG BH of BI C on a BJ BK. In that BL, it is AA-ed why, BM BN BO-ing BO BP, BI C-BQ-ed BR BS BT to 10. But so BU as BV's BW-ing the AK or BX AL of A's are AC of BY BZ, it is CA because they are CB-ed in CC of CD CE M R-ing to AG BZ and their CF CG's. CH CI's to CJ-ing the CK of an CL CM with the CK of an CN or CO. When you CP CQ, you CR CS. It is a CO of what you are CT-ing. This CU's that the CP-ing CV-CW's the CX of the CS. When you CP the CQ, you CY in CZ processes that DA to CS-CX, and you CY DB AV processes in CZ as DC to CP it. But if AD DD of DE's has a BG DF DG DH, that is its AU-ing the DI-ing DJ. It is not as DK, at t1, it has that DF DG DH and then, a DL DM DN, at t2, it has that DJ. The DO in K is one of DP, not of DQ and CN, and CH DR's not to DT this. CH DS DT's not to be DU of the S that DV is an DW DX. A AD CM that is CL with DY to what some DZ EA's at a AD EB EC be non-CL with DY to what that ED DZ EA's at some EE EB. It EF's that DV is a EG not of EH's, but of our M EI. And a CM of a AD EJ of EK EL's to CL as EM as we EA that AV EK's EM that CM. But we can EA that they EM that CM EN EA-ing why they do so, and EO we EA why EK's of EO-EQ ER's are B, we don't EA why they are B.